feat(sqli): add endpoint `/api/products/views` vulnerable via the header parameter (#244)
NeuraLegion/brokencrystals: README.md

> * **SQL injection (SQLI)** - The /api/testimonials/count endpoint receives and executes SQL query in the _query_ query parameter.
> 
> * **SQL injection (SQLI) through header parameter** - The /api/products/view_product endpoint receives a string representing a product name in the _product-name_ header. It is used to increment the number of views the product had. This parameter can be used to exploit an SQLI as it is directly embedded in an SQL query.

Reviewer: Please join these bullet points into one:
```suggestion
* **SQL injection (SQLi)** - The /api/testimonials/count endpoint receives and executes SQL query in the query query parameter. Similarly, the /api/products/view_product endpoint utilizes the product-name header to update the number of views for a product. However, both of these parameters can be exploited to inject SQL code, making these endpoints vulnerable to SQL injection attacks.
```
